### Q4.  
We have a Categories Table in test_db in Mysql. On this table both inserts and updates are performed from time to time.  
INSERT INTO Categories values  
(1,2,'Football','2020-04-30'),  
(2,2,'Handball','2020-05-01'),  
(3,2,'Baseball & Softball','2020-05-01'),  
(4,2,'Basketball','2020-04-30'),  
(5,3 ,'Tennis','2020-04-30'),  
(6,3,'Hockey','2020-05-01'),  
(7,3,'Swimming','2020-05-01'),  
(8,3,'Cardio Equipment','2020-05-01'),  
(9,4,'Strength Training','2020-05-01'),  
(10,4,'Athletics','2020-05-02'),  
(11,null,'Cycling','2020-02-02'),  
(12,5,null,'2020-01-15');  

Do the following:  
A) Import the Categories table in hdfs but during the import ,do proper Null value handling:  
    ● String Columns nulls should be replaced with ‘\N’ (so that in file it should be read as \n and Non-string column nulls should be replaced with -1  
    ● Use a warehouse directory  
    ● We also want to see the query run by each mapper internally  
Share the import command you will use,keeping in mind all of the above. Initially allrecords to be pulled in.  
B) New Records are added to the table and also existing records are updated,(refer the mysql_commands text file for the insert and update commands), so import only those newly inserted/updated records from Categories table to hdfs.  
INSERT INTO Categories values 
(13,6,'Surfing',CURRENT_TIMESTAMP),
(14,2,'Mountaineering',CURRENT_TIMESTAMP);  

The delta records should get appended to existing directory. Share the import command you will use this time, to get only delta records.  
C) After this second import, how many records do you see in the hdfs folder now? Did you find any duplicate records, give details if any.  
